Haze Megadrive Emu 0.12a
------------------------

Added support for another Chinese Fighter 3 set (unprotected)
and 'Romance of the Three Kingdoms, The Battle of Red Cliffs (Unl)' which must
be one of the worst beat 'em ups I've ever seen, worse than even Atari's GOTH ;-)

No other changes (I've been investigating some of the other issues but thus far
have been unable to find a fix that doesn't break other games)

Haze Megadrive Emu 0.11a
------------------------

Made the 'Arcade' bootleg of the Genesis version of Super Street Fighter 2 work.
This version takes coins and plays like an arcade game, (takes coins, reads dips)
but is based on the Japanese Genesis release of the game.  Probably made either
because it was low-cost, or because nobody had found a way to bootleg CPS2 at the
time.  (set name ssf2ghw )

Thanks to stephh for the help with this one.

Haze Megadrive Emu 0.10a
------------------------

Fixed a silly sprite bug introduced in 0.09a

Haze Megadrive Emu 0.09a
------------------------

Nothing major, I have no time these days.

Based on MAME 0.108u5

Improved protection emulation in some unlicensed carts

Lion King 3
Chinese Fighter 3
Top Fighter 2000
Super King Kong 99
King of Fighters 99
Pokemon Stadium
 + more

Some of these appear to work fine now (Lion King 3, Pokemon Stadium) others still have
issues (Chinese Fighter 3, Top Fighter 2000)


Hooked up backupram in several games [ShimaPong]

Changed way sprite masking works, fixes Mercs L1 boss (sound still problematic in this game tho)

Reorganized files a bit

Haze Megadrive Emu 0.08a
------------------------

Many fixes in this update are thanks to 'notaz' posting comments on the site.
---

Fixed IRQ6 pending (required by Warlock to avoid GFX corruption caused by bad DMA)
(thanks notaz)

Improved protection emulation in

Elf Wor - title now displayed, doesn't lock up, but I can't pass level 1?
Mahjong Lover - boots instead of showing unhappy girl
Lion King 2 - parent set boots
KOF98 - boots, but still has remaining issues
Smart Mouse - no longer fades out after a few seconds of play
Squirrel King - fixed graphics on player select screen, oh what original names
 for this highly original game ;-)
(thanks notaz)

Added hack to allow Virtua Racing to show its 2d graphics
(thanks notaz)

Fixed some parent / clone relationships for the Megadrive games.  Added a few
extra sets.

Added the rest of the SMS sets.  There have been no improvements to SMS emulation
yet, but this will make testing / updating the driver easier.

Added a 'region' dipswitch.  If you change the region from the default a reset
(Shift+F3) is required.  Please don't change a PAL game to NTSC or vice versa
due to some bug (in MAME?) it causes the DAC samples to be played incorrectly.

Changed sound output from Mono to Stereo.  The Megadrive could output Stereo
sounds.


Haze Megadrive Emu 0.07a
------------------------

Added some preliminary 6-button code, hooked it up for a few games which can
benefit from it.

Added some more parent/clone relationships

Added a couple more sets.


Haze Megadrive Emu 0.06a
------------------------

Based on MAME 0.108u2

Attempted to fix the Streets of Rage 2 crashing with a patch to streams.c.
It appears to request generation of too many samples, if this happens a warning
message now appears on the command line.  Let me know if this actually fixes your
crashing problems.  It's not an ideal solution, and may cause a slight audio
glitch, but if it fixes the crashing it will have to do until I can find something
better.

Added Backupram to the Dragon Slayer Games (remember, BackupRAM is handlded on a
case by case basis, there is no generic header based support in this emulator.)

Added some extra unlicensed sets (Pocket Monsters etc.)  No idea if they're 100%
playable, I'm just using some rom patches to get them booting for now.

I'm working on 6-button support, the code isn't in the current build but I
currently have it working with SSF2, but for some reason UMK3 and Bruce Lee don't
work with it.  Does anybody know which other games make use of the 6-button pad?


Haze Megadrive Emu 0.05a
------------------------

Added some extra sets, mostly unlicensed titles, many don't work because they're
protected and I haven't looked at the protection

Also replaced the following sets
NHL 94 (UE) [!]
James Pond II - Codename RoboCod (UE) [!]

with real dumps, these are byteswapped compared to the roms used by the all
standard Genesis emulators, but this byteswapped format is correct, if you look
in MAME you'll see that practically every single program rom 68k game is like
this.  Also preserved the rom label information from the carts.  Thanks to Chris
Hardy.

I view using correct dumps as important, regardless of if they function in other
emulators or not, I also view preserving the rom labels and cartridge information
as equally important.

Nothing to write home about, no real improvements to the Genesis or SMS emulation,
although I may look into trying some things to improve the timing soon, time
permitting.


Haze Megadrive Emu 0.04a
------------------------

Added a callback to the 68k TAS instruction, this allows Gargoyles and Ex-Mutants
to work again and is cleaner than the previous solution of simply hacking out the
TAS writeback in all cases.

Also added a couple more parent-clone relationships.

Haze Megadrive Emu 0.03a
------------------------

Based on MAME 0.108

Nothing new with MD emulation, maybe stopped some crashes.

Started adding some SMS support in an attempt to improve the Sega System E drivers
for MAME.  Hang On Jr. now runs with less glitches, for example, the scoreboard after
Game Over now displays properly (although I still don't think the roadside objects /
background priority 'problem' is a real bug, probably just a limitation of the hardware)

A handful of SMS and Game Gear games are also supported for testing purposes, however
the SMS emulation is highly prelminary so many SMS games don't currently work.

Again this should be considered more of a 'current progress' backup than anything else,
however you're welcome to enjoy it.

Haze Megadrive Emu 0.02a
------------------------

Fixed some potential crash bugs

Haze Megadrive Emu 0.01a
------------------------

Based on Mame 0.107u3 sources

hazemd.exe is a standard build
hazemdd.exe is a debug build

both are command line builds, not mame32 based.
If somebody wants to do a Mame32 Port I have no objections.

This is just a test build, more of a personal backup.

The gamelist metadata is mostly incomplete

There are many issues, and it really needs a cleanup and a rewrite with the
knowledge gained from working on it.

Reasons you might want to use this:

1. It runs Sun Mixing's Super Bubble Bobble (actually maybe this should be in the
   other list..)
2. It runs Dino Dini's Soccer Properly
3. It runs the Realtec titles
4. The Star Wars scroller text is present in Monster World 4 (but backup ram
   isn't, yet)
5. You can probably use MAME's INP recording to record some cool replays
6. You can use MAME's cheat engine
7. It's based on MAME, you can modify it very easily
8. The MAME debugger (although there seems to be a small bug in the .107
releases causing the scanline counters to fail when in the debugger)

Reasons you might not want to use this:

1. Emulation is incomplete, while most games work several have glitches
2. No support for more than 2 players, 6-button pads etc.
3. Bugs, there are bound to be some
4. No Save States
5. No 32X / Sega CD support
6. Backup RAM support is missing in most games (it's handled manually based on what is in the carts, not what is in the headers)
7. It's much slower than the other Megadrive emus out there
8. Gens and Kega are for the most part better emulators.

The eventual goal is to get this to a standard I'm happy with so that it can be
used for emulation of the Megadrive based Arcade systems in MAME.  As things stand
I'm far from happy with it, many things need doing, especially real HV & DMA timing

